You know, the wedding has the disturbing implication that Chiara looked at Maximus in his sheep form and felt desire.
She had no way of knowing he'd turn back into a human, so she must have been down with marrying a sheep.
I certainly try to avoid faulting anyone for being religious, of course, it's all just different outlooks on life.
In my own opinion, I think is too simple an explanation for the beauty we see in our universe.
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Count Logan The Wise? I thought not. It’s not a story the mockers would tell you. It’s a Dakari legend. Logan was a Dark Count of the Dakaris, so powerful and so wise he could use the Prognosticus to crush the heads of baby ponies. He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from changing. Unfortunately due to it being Wildnight's character, all females will have to struggle with trying to see through burlap and swollen eyelids. The Dark Prognosticus is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful… the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice turned him into a dragon. Ironic. He could save others from Things Change, but not himself.
When you have an AR-15 in the house there is a significant chance that it will gain sentience and kill your children.
I once tried to get Vic Mignona to sign my yaoi doujins but instead he grew twelve extra arms and grabbed a different teenage girl with each.
Calling himself Lord Shiva, he projected an aura of rape that defiled everyone within the convention hall, an event so traumatic that the only way to contain the evil was by getting him fired from Funimation ten years later with a hashtag.
Oh, you're picking a stage I hate? That's fine, I'm counter-picking Portuguese.
I’ve come to make an announcement, JJ Abrams is a bitch ass mother fucker. He pissed on my fucking husband. That’s right, he took his Jewish little mystery box dick out and he pissed on my fucking husband, and he said his dick was THIS HOPEFUL and SATISFYING. And I said “that’s subversive!” So I’m making a callout post on my Discord.
The debates would involve Sargon describing in detail who he'd rape and how, while Cenk gestures toward audience members he suspects of being Armenian and warns them you're next.
Jizz is a serious artform.
Get this: I asked her to see endgame with me, she said she told her best friend she'd see it with her. I found out after the movie that we were in the same theater and she saw me
welcome in Paragon, have some homestuck girl penis.
Actually, all future installments will be written from the point of view of Wild Night's character, the most important person on either team.
If I could turn into a naked flying furry who could shoot lasers, I'd be fucking jazzed.
I looked up kanaya futa just to check how much there was and the first result is an ff.net story.
If I had a couple thousand dollars to blow, I'd build some horribly gaudy PRO GAMER PC with LEDs in the keyboard that cycle through every color at epilepsy-inducing speeds, a mouse with 20 buttons so I can map all my hotkeys to it, and a monitor with a bunch of dead pixels in the shape of the Alienware logo.
I make an off handed joke about telling Cody to not say gamergate more than 3 times an hour in the stream chat and suddenly I'm his tard wrangler.
Disappointed already. If you're not going to accept me for who I am, then [stretches arms out, revealing my prehensile, uncircumcised cat dick] I guess it was never meant to be.
Odin had to hang from the sacred tree for nine days so he could properly install a dish for that asshole Heimdall.
I can sense the dark black gorilla ebony coming from slack is all.
I'm gonna shove a copy of the God Delusion right into my newborn's ass as soon as it's born.
Why are you locked in the bathroom.
I was going to the post office to drop off my bro's check and then my bookbag snapped, and I was so annoyed that I just left for school to do my internship.
so I did an autism yesterday. I ordered something from the campus bakery and I paid with my credit card. Normally I pay with cash on my student ID, and I keep my ID in a small slot on the front of my backpack. there were people behind me so i was rushing and I instinctively put my credit card in that slot instead of back in my wallet. Well, I go to get gas last night and my credit card's not in my wallet. I call my dad, tell him I lost my credit card but I'm pretty sure it's back at the bakery. Unfortunately they don't open till Monday so I'll be without funds for the weekend. Just now I was thinking about that transaction and the thought occured would I be retarded enough to put my credit card in my ID slot?
So I might lose my fucking job again. I was inspecting my van the other day and I noticed I have this gigantic fucking dent on my passenger side door. I have no idea where it came from. Because I haven’t hit anything and no one’s hit me. But because I didn’t notice it immediately I guess that’s now grounds for me to get in trouble. God bless the fleet staffs of America.
That's a meaningless statement.
That's like trying to argue that a stab wound isn't as bad as a gunshot.
That would explain why she didn't come and make fun of me trying to get that chair through the alley.
I’ll drop kick you in the bridge of your nose, Deb
Wait until you hear my actual bars, you won’t even believe.
No we’d send that one rabbit that’s always on molly.
Paragon do you like fat asses?
He’d go into some weird story about his plum middle school teacher and how that changed his life forever.
Actually I was born in Florida.
I look down on Ohio purely because it produced you.
Besides there’s only one person in the server truly worthy of any kind of hate and that’s Evan
Maybe you should eat my ass you degenerate.
If there's no steel or firmness in your character, people will parse that as weakness - and so that makes them think they can act how they want and treat you how they want.
Should I refrain from calling my chiweenie a nigger?
One of these days I am going to go outside and kill the first living thing I see.
Wtf a nigga from zimbabwe tried to hack my steam account.
Didn't even know they had computers there.
That jump kick at the door on his way out slays me
Anyway, back to Sonic real quick, I discovered something.
You ever think about how people get cowardice wrong?
Cowardice isn't just avoiding conflict, it's only going after people weaker than you, it's actively refusing to act when you can.
That kind of makes me sound like an asshole but I guess it's worth a shot.
No kind of, it definitely makes you look like an asshole.
But it makes you look stronger.
Pretend I said something smartass here.
Girls have it tough if they like dudes they're gay but if they like girls they're lesbian.
Fellas, is it gay if you take a polymorph potion and then get a mile of pipe laid but you're doing it for science?
I got sent to PA this morning.
This entire day has been a complete clusterfuck and I’m beyond my usual anger.
Now I’m waiting at McDonald’s to take a shit but some cunts ankle biters won’t get out of the damn bathroom
Throw them into the women's room.
They already barged in there.
They’re still screaming.
I want to kick these little bastards into the Sun.
Shit on the floor.
When are you going to be back there? Never. That’s right, never.
You got nothing to lose.
I like this new Paragon
She’s got moxy now.
Getting drunk did wonders for her.
Nah this is beyond getting drunk.
Something else happened.
Is it payday in Wisconsin?
Maybe it’s meth.
Maybe it's Maybelline.
Maybe she finally pulled that stick out of her ass.
But know she’s swinging it at everyone looking at her funny.
Bro, I’ll always have a stick at least partially up my ass.
Shine on, paradigm one.
Damn phone.
I typed ‘Paradiamond’
Paradigm One sounds like a vaporwave artist name.
I'm not an erotica writer okay. I actually can have sex.
You spent all that time typing for that weak-ass entry?
Goddamn it, Slack.
Quiggsy never fails to say something tactless.
She readies herself on the bed, waiting for her man to enter. She's right at the precipice of orgasm when she sees him in the doorway.
Yeah oral sex is not a good first date strategy.
please don't post dick pics in the general chat.
Quiggs you have to understand that cunnilingus is not something you can really get good at over text.
gross, this is all very gross.
you are all sinners.
Quiggs do I have to give sex ed to you now.
Paragon you're one of the biggest pervs on here.
That's what everyone says, but it turns out many people do not know how condom work.
Paragon wants Chrom and Max to carry her to a triple deluxe king sized ballpit.
Ducky's the licentious one, I'm the pure one.
That's how the dynamic works.
And Quiggsy, this is kind of obvious, but make sure you keep you crotch clean alright? Wash and trim all the time or else she's not going to finish that blowjob.
I have never been described as licentious before. I'm flattered!
Alternatively, apply jalapeno juice to your dick for a spicy surprise.
I didn't want to debase you and call you lewd or slutty, Ducky!
I deem you licentious.
As long as the words "cock and ball torture" were never uttered, it can't be the worst first date anyone here has had.
Andrew Erickson, who has been missing for 6 weeks and presumed dead, sent me this.
I don't know what's going on in here and I'm not reading the last week of messages.
I'm just glad to be back.
I live because it only took six hours of wrangling to get Cox to do their jobs, instead of the two days I was expecting.
In my first jury duty experience, they had us wait in a room until we were called in big groups. We entered the court room and they told us that the trial will last more than 2 months so you and everyone else were asked if we were able to complete it or not. I raised my hand when the jury asked if we couldn't and I left along with a big majority of people. It was over just like that.
My school has been declared a health hazard by the state for the amount of drugs used here.
Yes. It wasn't too long ago when I made some schnitzels with my dad
Cody and Andrew breaking out the champagne.
While Max is celebrating by glaring at a single pea on a plate.
By woke rules, just calling a dog nigger once means you're as racist as someone who comitted real hate crimes
I'm going to bury you so you'll be so much closer to the fossils you love.
Flashbacks from when King DeDeDe came to my house and raped my sister.
How brain damaged am I that I see the word ship and think of shipping rather than like, a boat.
I think anyone from either side of the spectrum can think that's a reasonable thing to want.
Ideally voters shouldn't ask 'why should we support you' it should be 'why should we allow you to live'
They keep mentioning "moderate" and "further left" in the news and stuff, so I think there's a real chance that the Dems might have some kind of split if Trump wins again.
Yeah, I've given up trying to put a label on myself.
I've had a friend say I'm a liberal national socialist because I hate NAFTA and think the US should cut down as much trade with China as possible.
He also used the gamer word.
we won't even need to make posts once this thing assimilates all the knowledge it needs.
Cody's going to start layoffs soon.
Feed it me so it exclusively talks about booze and dicks
Why should the bot be about you, you ain't that interesting
Man you know what makes a page long essay even better? Breaking it up into balloons that snake across the fucking page in the most counter intuitive way possible.
Kiss the brownest part of my ass.
And a lot of them fucking suck.
A part of me feels like this got really mean so I wanna just say you're still my favorite quiggsy.
What do you get when you cross mexicans with a society of Slopes? You get what you fucking deserve.
You underestimate how many mexicans we can shove in a car.
And we'd run over him with our fucking jeeps too Zipperhead.
For all I know I could be a descendant of the king gook.
There are three different categories: hot, dirty and sexy and at the center of the venn diagram is Esdeath.
The anime actually kills off characters that are still alive in the manga.
Meet me outside home depot when your shift is over.
It's like Max's lack of attraction to only certain dwarfs.
You say that but there's a scene where a woman gets raped on her husband's grave.
He was just a normal dude, and there were comments like "of course girls didn't like him, he was an ugly short happa with a giant nose"
all gay guys are incels, you heard it here first folks.
Incels are dudes who can't get game and blame it on everything that isn't themselves. Thinking they're owed sex and women on virtue of being horny. You can't even be involuntary celibate because the only thing keeping you that way is you.
the most basic definition of an incel is just "involuntarily celibate"
We add all that other stuff, hence my desire to have different species of incel.
but there's more to it.
Shit.
Welcome to fucking Rojaru's ted talk on why you're a fucking virgin.
No, there isn't
If you want to get laid and can't you are an incel
Are you a bad incel or just an awkward incel? We don't know because we only use the umbrella term "incel" for the entire spectrum of inceldom.
but that's an oversimplification of the original meaning, that's what I've been trying to say this whole time
Here's part of my criteria for true inceldom:
The original meaning is that simplification
Do you think women can be incels.
If yes, you are not a True Incel.
If you don't, you might be a True Incel.
Because incels will actually say "Women can't be incels, just go to a bar and you'll find a man to bang you"
They also say gay guys can't be incels, so sorry Queen but you're kicked back out of the gang.
Wait why are gays inherently not an incel? Is it because we can also do that?
Gays can't be incels because you, like women, can post an ad on Craigslist going "I want sex, here's where to find me."
Which is something I actually saw.
Which is why I keep saying that there needs to be further specific terms
even though they are all technically incels, by definition
It's kind of like the autism spectrum where "autism spectrum disorder" refers to everyone with any form of autism, high functioning, low functioning, all of them
I am standing behind Ducky as she types
Thanks for the important news update, Cody
She has her laptop sitting at my computer desk in front of my monitor
is cody starting a threesome I was gone for five minutes
cody's been trying to start a threesome for like eight years
It's probably our longest ongoing joke at this point
is it working
It absolutely is
Confirmation that Paragon is not an incel.
Cody the kind of nigga to commission his oc having sex with multiple established characters
Cody's a man he can draw it himself
Cody trying to start a threesome is something I did not expect to happen.
anyone remember that one picture CWC drew where he was having sex with three women of varying skin shades
Cody Weston Chandler
Quigger stop I'm gonna die
Like I said, it's an ongoing gag/unironic plan on his part for most of the last decade lol
Sounds like a fatman's dream but instead of eating neopolitan ice cream, he's fucking it.
Cody just likes his duck with some cheese
I think we've joked about it a couple times here but not nearly as frequently as the old skype group
lots of great old in-jokes from the skype, man
I'm predicting that the master plan will reach the undressing phase only for ducky to elope with paragon upon discovering that her penis is bigger than Cody's
Okay, since some of the old guard is present tonight, let's have a debate:
Did Alex Barry in fact have yellow fever?
I love seeing these niggas hit each other but if I tried to play I'd quit as soon as I got hit too hard
I lean towards he did, because he got weirdly defensive when we kept joking about it
I never heard this story
Alright, have a seat, then, pal
I'll tell you about the old Kingdom of AFTER and the fall that caused the exodus to Skype and Discord
I'll get to that
I should never be a mod of anything
Now thats even more reason to be one
I don't think he had that feeling for her, I just think he didn't like having people question his decision past a point.
I would go drunk with moderate power
And that joke was an encapsulation of that feeling.
So Project AFTER, for those who do not know, was a forum primarily dedicated to fanfiction mockery but we shot the shit about other topics as well
For many years, everything was pretty great. Alex Barry owned the forums and Cody was basically the biggest mod on there. At least, I think he posted the most out of them. Liz and YHE were mods there, too, incidentally!
At one point in late 2015(?), a thread whose topic I cannot remember, things got incendiary. One of the users, Joan, said something about toxic masculinity in what I remember being a clumsy way.
It was like discovering your mom called you a nigger on Twitter once. I wasn't sure what to do with this information
Anyway. Cody absolutely went off on her (which was something I did not approve of at the time and still kind of think he handled it poorly but that's not the point here)
His long, incensed post ended with "sit on a railroad spike, you fucking cunt"
I think it would be interesting and surreal to look at it, like old history of new friends
Please don't
I've said cringy things, I don't want people to see that
none of us lost as many as Alex Barry
Anyway
I think it was pretty quickly after the Railroad Spike post that Alex Barry demodded Cody without giving him a chance to plead his case
Which was also something I did not approve of
After Cody was demodded, the forums kinda blew up, a lot of us changed our status to "#FreeCody", a lot of us changed our avatars to railroad spikes, yadda yadda
But Alex Barry did not budge and then went off on Cody and I think called him a sociopath or something. Some armchair psychology shit
Then awhile later, Alex Barry decided to not renew ownership of the site and forums and they went kaput and most of us in the skype group went and shitposted pics of railroad spikes as a sort of final nail in the coffin and that was the end of that
I'm sure I'm forgetting some of the particulars about the drama but that's the gist of the story behind the great railroad spike
The demodding was one of the first domino pieces to fall
The subsequent fallout and bridge burning was what completely killed it
If a lot of the userbase had sided against Cody, maybe the site would have lasted longer
But most of us sided against Alex Barry and I think he believed keeping the site around was futile now that most of the users were, y'know, no longer going to the site in protest
Like, one of his mod rules was "My word is law"
If he had just said that and nothing else, I would have even felt better about it, because it would have been consistent.
But he tried justifying it and was super weird about it.
Everyday at work the jew coworkers yell at me "YOU GONNA EXPLODE HUMMUS BOY" as I try to eat my boiled sheep head with hummus in peace. I do want to explode but my vest hasn't arrived yet so I call they're moms goats and cry in the bathroom
"Why are these people more happy then I am? I'll figure it out after I talk about getting boners in high school."
Still better than hiding your jumping jack boners and trading anime porn
I know it's been like 2 hours since it came up but everyone just watches ladybug for the underage waifu bait right?
Cause what I've seen looks only alright
To be fair, it's hard to tell with Alex "child porn is my hill to die on" Barry sometimes.
“Waifus lovers are like WWE fans, they know it’s fake but who gives a fuck? The love is real and the boners are too”
Are you
Are you talking shit about Air Bud?
The Air Bud?
Take off your name
I'm revoking your status as Bad Bitch
Make me, faggot
Yeah, that's what I thought
We can ignore that because anime and all of Joker’s love interests have to be some kind of attractive
What I can’t ignore is the total gamer erasure
Let Futaba say nigger!
I'm more surprised that Futaba doesn't look like death
Wasn't she supposed to be malnourished?
Frankly, I found it shocking that Futaba never calls anyone faggot or a based retard even though she’s the kinda bitch to use “kek” out loud in public
You can’t tell me she doesn’t drop the gamer word at least 30 times a day when she’s gaming
And told so many people “kys” that she’s actually indirectly responsible for a suicide or two
That’s the kinda gal Futaba is
cute socially retarded redhead that quotes FBI statistics? sign me up
It won't be able to replicate my occasional good post though
what IS his Jewish little mystery?
How are men like a pizza
Fellas, is it gay to be a square
I wish this acne scrub worked faster
Been using it for two months with barely any improvement
Wait, gays are the square pizza, straights are the round pizza
It's the second biggest self consciousness source
I can’t wait for more critically important lore to be revealed in another gacha
oh fuck I love arby's curly fries
time to do some soul searching
arbys curly fries are good
they put something illegal in there, I swear
how do sweet potato fries fit into the picture here
Paragon gets fuckin' rarted at quarter to 11 pm
Remember when sonic was in a progressive commercial
You not disrespect a dog that shoots hoops in my company
and then think
Who is also a tranny lesbian
I'm seriously angry at how stupid our culture is for letting this happen, but realizing that the incest community outsmarted it is kind of funny. Anyway, if our culture is going to be that stupid, it's getting what it deserves.
how can people say AO is racist when we include all races and manner of feet to clown on a nigga
But the earlier point would go something like:
Fatty: "This female character showing midriff makes me have body image issues. She should be covered up"
Normal: "Fuck off, retard."
Fatty: "Look at all of the incels caring this much about one fictional character!"
Like I don't know which is worse, actually being dumb enough to basically self own in such spectacular fashion, or being that terrible of a liar.
persona is a 900 hour game but one homophobic joke makes me froth at the mouth so hard it ruins the rest of the game for me
Chicago's flag is notoriously great.
The Milwaukee flag would make a rad t-shirt design, though, if you simplified it.
Milwaukee's flag looks like the city hired a group of vexillologists, consulted with them at length, and then did the opposite of everything they said.
Yeah, it’s just a stunning mess
Peargun, did they confirm they're not using that flag?
Because it really is beautiful.
"All right, we need a compass, that's a good design. And then we put a cog around it so it's like a Celtic cross, but then we fill the quadrants an Indian chief, a little man with a blue triangle that has a lamp on it, another flag, and the ashes of industry choking the water we've drawn on the blue field. Also our clock tower will now occupy the lower half of the cross because we're very proud of it. Then on the right we'll put the date of the city's founding in gold, vertically, and the left will have some kind of wheat menorah for symmetry. Oh, and the city's name in the bottom in red, so it and the other stuff will frame the roundel. Though that means we'll have red on the bottom and left (Indian man will be red of course), so to preserve the flag's symmetry we'll need something on the right. But not in front of the smokestacks, those are essential. I guess we could have a boat, but it's red, and also bigger than the city itself. Yeah, right there, that's the shit."
I mean, anime is a niche industry, and the ability of an industry, any industry to succeed is the average person, will they line up to see something like Demon Slayer, or Fire Force or Promare, or any number of shows?
Okay, personal story, I once wrote for a website (I won’t say the name), where I predicted the industry would collapse because of rising streaming prices, corporate shenanigans and too much product being out there, and I still feel that could be the case.
I do agree if there are people who want to watch, they will watch it. I’m not disagreeing with that whatsoever. I just feel that, there’s so much product out there, even if it’s great, and you have a wealth of free time, how much time do you actually have to watch all of it? That’s the big question, which I still feel will be answered in time.
What’s she say? She’s still blocked until she apologizes to Air Bud
I’m not apologizing to your garbage dog movie
She apologized for your meme dog movie
It’s about damn time she saw the light
You fucking liar
Haha I can't wait for someone to complain about this
I’m on assist hours today so I’m waiting to hear from the other tech
So now I’m the first person in an IHOP and it’s surreal as all hell
It’s so empty
Yo, give me a bitch with a fat ass and a Golbez voice
yeah, that's what I was talking about with the gay porn
Also your mental gymnastics to let yourself jerk it to Seth and not be gay is actually legit funny as hell.
I don't need any mental gymnastics, I'd suck seth cock and slap seth cheeks with the same seth voice
Well yeah but you're sexually dysfunctional as hell
We accept that about you
Don’t talk to my son like that
the dem debates are like the opposite of the AvP tagline. Whoever loses, we win
imagine if he made it all the way to the presidential debate. bet anything on debate night trump would have some of these women in the audience
All those ads didn’t help your debating skills, huh?
You got exposed as a defanged serpent in a room of snakes
that's...oddly poetic. I'm impressed
I watched this one earlier. It was alright except Glink posted cringe and had to keep insisting that he was pro-trans rights
We get it, nigga. You don't hate gays.
Can you stop interrupting yourself to remind us?
I'm surprised it took them to be "offended" by that ff8 runner
Gotta love that the stuff they loathe is still capable of going under their radar
Moviebob will not stand for this
Partially because standing is growing impossible by the day but REGARDLESS
You got kicked in the fucking teeth
tfw the Worm dudes get rekt
Cody is very used to handling balls
Wow max i havent seen that joke a billion times already you are so smart and funny
excuse me for thinking of something other people have thought of
Apparently women are fucking retarded.
